# Course: ISTA-220
## Lesson Plan: 15
### Name: Chetana Adhikari


1. What is an interface as the term is used in object-oriented programming? 

An interface is like an abstract base class. Any class or struct that implements the interface must implement all its members. An interface can't be 
instantiated directly.Its members are implemented by any class or struct that implements the interface. Interfaces can contain events, indexers, methods, 
and properties.

2. How do you define an interface?

By using the Interface key word.

3. Can an interface have variables, fields, or properties?

No.
	
4. How do you define a method in an interface?

An interface can't be instantiated directly. Its mothods are implemented by any class or struct that implements the interface.

5. Can you instantiate an object through an interface? Why or why not?

No, because you can not implement a method in an interface.

6. Using the new keyword, can you declare a reference to an interface?
No you can not.

7. Can an object inherit from multiple interfaces? Can a class implement multiple interfaces? If so, how can it do so?
Yes an object can inherit from multiple interfaces. And yes a class can implement multiple interfaces.

9. What are the restrictions on interfaces? 

An interface is not allowed to inherit from a structure or a class.

10. What is the difference between an abstract class and an interface?

An abstract class can use access modifiers like private, protected, public, and sealed. An abstract class can also define a method as abstract, 
virtual, override, or sealed override where as an interface can not.

11. What is an abstract method 

An abstract method is a method that is declared, but contains no implementation. Abstract 
classes may not be instantiated, and require subclasses to provide implementations for the abstract methods.

12. What is a sealed class?

They are classes that prevent derivation.

1. What is a sealed method?
It is a method that can not be overriden.