# Course: ISTA-220
## Lesson Plan: 18
### Name: Chetana Adhikari


1. What is the difference between a property and a field?  

A property can be encapsulated where as a field can not be.

2. What is the difference between a property and a method?  

A method can modify fields and properties.

3. What is your understanding of encapsulation? 

It will prevent other users from modifying the data. 

4. Some languages are case insensitive, that is, an "a" and an "A" are considered to be the same letter. C# is case sensitive. What implications does this have regarding the naming of variables, methods, and other identifiers? Do you think that the difference in case in the initial character of two different identifiers is sufficient to distinguish them?  

It allows readability and maintenance.

5. Give an example that is not in the book of an instance where you might want to use a read-only property. Give an example not in the book of an instance where you might want to use s write-only property.  

A read only property would be a student's grade. A write only property would be a password.

6. What are restrictions on the use of properties?  

A value can be assingned through a property of a structure or class after the structure or class has been initialized.
We can not use a property as a reference or an out argument to a method.A property can contain one get accessor and one set accessor. 
It cannot contain other methods, fields, or properties.The get and set accessors cannot take any parameters. We can not declare properties by using constructors.
	
7. What is an object initializer? What is the syntax for an object initializer?  

new is an object initializer.
Surething surething = new Surething();