# Course: ISTA-220
## Lesson Plan: 21
### Name: Chetana Adhikari


1. Give five examples (using valid C# code) of the five bitwise operators listed in the text. 

	-int x = ~11001100;
	
	-int x = 204 << 6;
	
	-int x = 204 | 6;
	
	-int x = 204 & 6;
	
	-int x = 204 ^ 6;
	  
	  
2. Does C# implement the right-shift (>>) operator? If so, give an example of its operation using valid C# code.
 
Yes it does. For example: int x = 204 >> 6;.

3. Explain in detail this code: bits & (1 << index);.

This will perform a left shift of 1 by how many places the index specifies.

4. Explain in detail this code: bits |= (1 << index);.

After performing the left shift and obtaining a value the OR operation | will return a value containing a 1 in each position in which either of the operands has a one.

5. Explain in detail this code: bits &= (1 << index);.

This code will perform a right shift operation.

6. How does C# interpret this: bool peek = bits[n];?

C# will call to the get accessor for bits and the index argument is set to the value of n. 

7. How does C# interpret this: bits[n] = true;?

C# will to the set accessor for bits where the index is the value of n and sets the value to true (1).


8. Assume that users were assigned read, write, and execute permissions according to this scheme: read = 1, write = 2, execute = 4. How would you interpret the following user permissions:

(a) permission = 0

No permissions

(b) permission = 1

Read

(c) permission = 2

Write

(d) permission = 3

Read and Write.

(e) permission = 4

Execute

(f) permission = 5

Read and Execute

(g) permission = 6

Write and Execute
 
(h) permission = 7

Read, Write, and Execute

9. Answer the previous question by converting the decimal permissions into binary permissions. What does this tell you about using this scheme of permissions?

It was written with integer indexing as an array of Boolean values.


(a) permission = 0  

No permissions/000 
 
(b) permission = 1  

Read/001 
 
(c) permission = 2  

Write/010  

(d) permission = 3  

Read and Write/011 
 
(e) permission = 4  

Execute/100 
 
(f) permission = 5  

Read and Execute/101
  
(g) permission = 6  

Write and Execute/110  

(h) permission = 7  

Read, Write, and Execute/111