# Course: ISTA-220
## Lesson Plan: 22
### Name: Chetana Adhikari
#### Date: 18 September 2017

1. What is a type parameter?

A type parameter is a generic type that can be used in place of a real type.

2. What does a type parameter do?

It acts as a place holder

3. How many type parameters can a generic class have?

There is no limit to that.

4. What is the difference between a generic class and a generalized class?

Generic classes encapsulate operations that are not specific to a particular data type. 
The most common use for generic classes is with collections like linked lists, hash tables, stacks, queues, trees, and so on. 
A generic class has its type parameters converted to real types and a generalized class can hold any object, so the data being used 
can be cast to the correct type anytime the programmer.

5. What is a constraint? How do you specify a constraint?

Constraints are used in Generics to restrict the types that can be substituted for type parameters. 

6. What is a generic method? How do you define a generic method?

Generics allow you to define type-safe data structures, without committing to actual data types
	-
7. What do we mean when we say that a generic type interface is invariant?

8. What do we mean when we say that a generic type interface is covariant?

It means that we can inform the compiler that some implicit conversions are legal and that it does not have to enforce strict type safety. 

9. Does covariance work with value types? Does it work with reference types?

Covariance does not work with value types but it works with reference types.
	
10. What do we mean when we say that a generic type interface is contravariant?

It means that it enables us to use a generic interface to reference an object of type 'cat' through a reference to type 'dog' 
as long as type cat derives from type dog.
