# Course: ISTA-220
## Lesson Plan: 25
### Name: Chetana Adhikari
#### Date: 21 September 2017

1. You are building a help ticket system. You want to ensure that the older the ticket, the sooner it will be handled by the team. For example, a ticket submitted a week ago has a higher priority than a ticked just submitted. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?

	I would use a queue, because the first in data will come out first in a queue collection.

2. You are building a tracking system for seasonal agricultural farm labor. The labor requirements vary widely, depending on the season. Your requirement is that the newest hires are terminated first, and that our more experienced hires are kept longer. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?

This would need a collection that would require First In First Out, thereby it would be useful to use a stack collection.

3. You are building a transaction database. Your requirement is that the database adds data very quickly, and that deletions, updates, and searches happen infrequently. In other words, data is typically added in the order in which the transaction occurs. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?

I would use a List, as it is very to add datas quickly. Similarly, there is no need to delete, update or search dada in frequently, which would be difficult to do on  list.
	
4. You are building an analytical database. Your requirement is that the database handles queries very quickly, but that the data never changes, i.e.,
 
There are no inserts, deletions, or updates. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?

I would use a dictionary.

5. You are building a personnel directory, where searches are performed by last name, first name, middle name. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?

I would use a hashset. Hashset supports fast retrieval of data which would be useful in this case.

6. You are building a username/password database. Your requirement is that updates happen frequently (when users change their passwords) and that 
searches (to authenticate users) happen extremely quickly. What kind of data structure would you use, and why?

I would use a Dictionary as it offers fast searching and prevents duplicate usernames.

7. What is a lambda expression? Give an example. Why would we use a lambda expression?

A lambda expression is a shortcut syntax for an anonymous method.i => i==5; body. It prevents us from writing a lot of unnecessary code.

8. What is the difference between lambda expressions and anonymous methods? What are the advantages of each?

Lambdas use implied typing, so "(kin, ice) => kin + ice;". They are more concise than "delegate(int kin, int ice) { return kin + ice; }"./ One should use lambdas when they promote readability, and anonymous delegates when they make sense. 