#ISTA 220
##Lesson-Plan 29
###Chetana Adhikari

1.What is a delegate? Explain delegates in terms of pointers and reference types.
A delegate is an object that refers to a method. 

2.How do you declare a delegate? Include a discussion of types, return values, names, and parameters.
Delegate can be declared by using the delegate keyword and by specifing the return type, a name for the delegate, and any parameters.
It is similar to declaring a method.

3.How do you create instances of delegates and assign values to the instance? What are the values?
You create an instance of a delegate the same way you create an instance of other types: you optionally specify an access modifier, you then specify the type (the delegate name), that is followed by a variable name, and you can either stop with a semicolon and assign values later, or include value assignment.

4.How do you invoke a method that has been added to a delegate?
This can be done by using the same syntax used to call a method.

5.What is an event? Why do we have events?
Events define and trap significant actions.Events to run code automatically when something significant happens.

6.How do you declare events?
You declare an event similarly to how you declare a field. 

7.How do delegates recognize event subscriptions? How do you unsubscribe an event from a delegate?
Subscribe to an event by using: += operator. 
Unsubscribe by using –= operator.

8.How do you raise an event? How do you declare code that raises an event?
You can raise an event by calling it like a method.

9.Explain with specificity what happens when an event fires and that event has been attached to a delegate.
When an event fires, the methods that are subscribed are called in sequence.It functions exactly like calling a delegate, but with the protection that it cannot be called from outside the class and the subscribed methods must be unsubscribed individually. 

